WinDriver
=========

Windows driver repo, include DDK, WDM and WDF ones.

## differences and releationships among DDK, WDM, WDF

## Which development toolkit should I get
It depends. Generally speaking, latest WDF toolkit is a good choice.
According to your target platform and device type, you should select carefully.

## General directory structure of a driver project
On general situations

### NT driver
MyNTDriver\

  makefile
  
  sources

### WDM driver
MyWDMDriver\

>>makefile
  
>>makefile.inc
  
>>sources
  
## How to build
### within Visual Studio
Create an empty project

Delete configuration of Debug and Release.

to be continued.

### within command line
Take Windows XP as target platform, Free version as target object type, for example.
[pre]1.Open `Start` menu

2.`All Programs`

3.`Windows Driver Kits`

4.`WDK 7600.16385.1`

5.`Build Environments`

6.`Windows XP`

7.`x86 Free Build Environment`

## Differences between `Free` and `Checked` version
`Free` version is for release. Here the `KdPrint((L"xxxx\n"))` takes no effect.

`Checked` version is for debugging. Here the `KdPrint((L"xxxx\n"))` makes sense.

`DbgPrint` always have effects.

## Example of sources

## Example of makefile
<pre><code>\#
\# DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!!!  Edit .\sources. if you want to add a new source
\# file to this component.  This file merely indirects to the real make file
\# that is shared by all the driver components of the Windows NT DDK
\#

!INCLUDE $(NTMAKEENV)\makefile.def
</code></prev>
## Example of makefile.inc
